doc(mysql): Bonita does not work with MySQL 8.x (#719)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/hardware-and-software-requirements.md

Notes:
1. Bonita BPM can be executed on Java 8. All development artifacts (connectors, REST API extensions, etc) must be compiled with Java 8 byte code (target version).
2. Your database must be configured to use the UTF-8 character set.

> 3. MySQL must be configured with innoDB storage engine. Even if the 5.5.x line is recommanded, tests have shown that Bonita BPM  can run with MySQL 5.6.x and 5.7.x (please make tests prior using these versions, especially when using exotic encoding/charset). Notice that Bonita BPM does not work with MySQL 8.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. MySQL must be configured with innoDB storage engine. Even if the 5.5.x line is recommended, tests have shown that Bonita BPM  can run with MySQL 5.6.x and 5.7.x (please make tests prior to using these versions, especially when using exotic encoding/charset). Note that Bonita BPM does not work with MySQL 8.x
```
